Improve getting started (#7)
konstellation-io/website: content/en/docs/KRE/installation/_index.md

---
title: "Installation"
linkTitle: "Installation"

> description: How to deploy KRE don ifferent flavors of Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to deploy KRE on different flavors of Kubernetes.
```
